Add missing language to CurrentUser-query (#1823)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/fast-falcons-cry.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": patch
---

> `Language`-field of `CurrentUser`-object is evaluated correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correctly evaluate the `language`-field of the `CurrentUser`-object
```
